Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
The history of the Civil War
was written by white men
to serve their own agenda.
It's time for a black man
to tell his own story.
This is my father's story.
told the only way I know how.
The legend of Emperor.
- You sure there's enough men?
- It's enough.
We have 23 well-armed men.
They only have a few guards.
Once we get inside the gates.
we won't have any trouble
overpowering them.
After that. it's just a matter of time.
The slaves will rebel.
and they will join us.
What if they don't come?
Have faith. son.
Let's go.
Don't let 'em break!
- Open the gate.
- Pin 'em against the wall!
My sweet Shields.
You aren't a slave.
You are a prince of a people
who come from a faraway place.
Your grandpa was a king.
And you will be a king.
An emperor.
Nothing will dent your will.
That's why I named you Shields.
Don't forget that. my little prince.
Whoa.
Good boy.
Bring that nag up 'round here.
Uh-uh. Come on. now.
There you are.
Thank you.
Don't thank me.
Gotta keep Grady off our back.
Hey.
We out of seed.
Go fill up the rest of that
bushel now. All the way to the top.
All right.
Go around. against that wall.
Mr. Grady.
- Hmm?
- We out of seed.
That ain't my problem.
What you telling me for?
"Emperor."
Where are you going?
Every night. you go out gambling
when you need to be
tending to the plantation.
Come in.
Evening. sir. Ma'am.
Sarah.
We out of seed. sir.
We gonna need to get some
first thing Monday morning
or we gonna lose
a whole day's worth of work.
I'll take care of it. Thank you.
How are you gonna take care of anything
without any money?
I'll be leaving now.
Evening. sir. Ma'am.
How are we going to pay
for any seed without any money?
Duvane. we are in trouble.
and if you don't stop gambling.
we are going to lose everything.
It's gonna be okay. I promise.
We've already lost
everything my father left us.
"Eva. due to her kindheartedness.
decides to remain with her..."
Tommy.
Come on.
Betty.
What's wrong?
Master Duvane.
What now?
That man keep gamblin' the way he is.
we ain't gonna have nothin' to plant.
Why you worry so much?
It ain't your money.
I worry about us.
You can worry all you want to.
Ain't nothin' gonna change.
That man is just a fool.
Good night. y'all.
Good night. Aunt Betty.
- She right.
- Mmm-hmm.
Figure it out.
Same way I figured you out.
- Oh. is that what you think?
- Mmm-hmm.
Shields.
Every time he steals a book...
Every time he steals a book.
it's another chance to get caught.
He ain't stealin'. he borrowin'.
It's too risky.
Master Duvane don't care none.
When we go up north.
I want that boy to be able to read.
I want him to be alive.
Looks like we got a winner.
Mr. Henderson.
Not so fast.
I need you to lend me some more money.
Your plantation ain't hardly worth
what you've already borrowed from me.
Please. You know it is.
It ain't. Between Lincoln
and this abolition talk.
plantation values are dropping off.
Even for the ones that don't have
a slave runnin' 'em.
Better him than a white man
you have to pay.
- Please.
- Let's be clear.
You lose this. plantation's mine.
All right. gentlemen.
What we doing talking? Let's play cards.
Go on! Lead!
Come on. get over here now!
Gather round.
Good day.
My name is Randolph Stevens.
I am the new owner of this plantation.
therefore. your new owner as well.
Your new overseer is Mr. Hank Beaumont.
This place has not been run well.
Hank is going to help us remedy that.
Hank.
Long as you work hard.
follow me and my men's directions.
we'll get along just fine.
If'n you don't. well. that there
is a whole 'nother story.
You may go.
Hello. sir.
What's your name. boy?
Shields. sir.
What do you do around here?
Me. sir. I help organize things.
Organize things?
Yes. sir.
I help supervise the work.
Look over supplies.
Well. boy.
your organizing days are over.
Come tomorrow.
you gonna be out in them fields.
I do the organizing.
Yes. sir.
What do you want?
Sir. we out of seed.
Now. in order to get
any work done tomorrow.
we need to get some.
first thing in the morning.
How much seed do we need?
We need about
three pound of seed per acre.
How many acres need planting?
About a third.
Sir. we need about six...
- I know!
- Yes. sir.
This all the seed we got?
Shields. is it?
Damn nigger told me the wrong amount
of seed to get at the store.
Hank tells me that
we gonna be losing almost
a whole half a day's worth of work
because of you.
Don't wanna work. you ask me.
Shields. how long you been working here?
Since I was a boy.
And how long you been helping
order the seed?
Long time.
So it's not likely
you gonna get it wrong?
No. sir.
I think Master Hank might have
got a little confused is all.
Yeah. but you ain't
calling Mr. Hank a liar.
Well. we want to set
a good example here.
String him up.
I didn't make no mistake.
Hey. come on. now. Come on.
Come on.
We just gotta save a little more.
Till we buy our freedom.
We almost there.
Does it hurt?
It ain't so bad.
What you worried about your old man for?
Hmm?
Sit down.
You know I been workin'.
I got a little somethin' stashed away.
One day soon. I'm gonna take you
and your mama. and we gonna go up north.
We gonna be free.
You know why they call me Emperor? Hmm?
'Cause my granddaddy.
your great-granddaddy.
was a king.
Now. that make you a prince. Right?
Which means one day you gonna be a king.
Is that really true?
It's true to me.
- All right?
- Mmm-hmm.
Still worried? Still worried?
You sure?
You ain't worried?
Come on. boy.
Well. ain't this a novelty.
Go on.
What's it say?
Hey. hey. hey. now.
You okay?
Sarah.
Sarah. what's wrong?
It ain't as bad as it looks.
And once I put the ointment on him.
he'll be good as new in no time.
No. no. no.
Now. now. Shields. listen to me.
Listen to me. Don't... Don't do nothin'.
No. no. please.
Don't do nothin' stupid. Please!
Shields. no!
Shields!
No! Shields!
Beaumont!
That boy of yours is
a little troublemaker.
Maybe next time.
his daddy should do the disciplining.
I almost sprained my wrist.
Watch it. boy.
Oh.
You're liable to get yourself killed.
Come on. Come on.
Aunt Betty!
Wait a minute!
- Calm down.
- I need you to watch Tommy.
- Why?
'Cause this is God's country.
that's why.
We white folks. we made in his image.
And in God's country.
I can do whatever I want.
Whoa. whoa.
You think about this. boy.
You do this and you're dead.
I'm already dead.
Oh...
What did you do?
Shields.
Shields!
We gotta go.
We gotta get Tommy.
He's with Aunt Betty.
There he is.
We'll circle around and get Tommy.
Come on.
They're headed to the woods!
Sarah.
Hold it right there!
- Come outta there!
- Sarah.
Run.
Sarah.
Don't let him get away!
Tell Hap to bring his horse!
There. Up on the ridge.
Come on out now.
Hiding back there
ain't gonna do you much good.
Hand over that body and we won't shoot.
What y'all want with a dead body?
That's our brother.
and we want to give him a proper burial.
Be a shame to bury him.
He's worth $200.
He's worth $200?
Heck. we should think about
turning him in ourselves.
What's wrong with you. Sam?
That's our baby brother.
I'm just saying.
What difference does it make?
He's dead as a doornail.
What if Ma heard you right now?
How can you think about money
at a time like this?
'Cause we ain't got none.
What'd you kill him for?
He wasn't worth nothin'.
I tell you what.
I'll give you the same chance
I gave your brother.
Now. either you can fire
that there rifle...
Or you can run.
As for me. you know.
hell. I can go get a job anywhere.
This ain't my first time doing this.
You know what I'm saying?
And I just couldn't believe it.
I couldn't believe
they let him get away like that.
If I'd been there. whole different story.
Now. you take this bunch right here.
Look at 'em.
In line. stepping along.
keeping the rows.
And if I'd been there
and that nigger went crazy.
Beaumont would still be alive
and that nigger'd be dead.
Just don't know if he got this far.
He could've made down to the Ashley River.
He couldn't get quite as far on foot.
Turn around. We've been here.
Might be something over there.
Things here open up. won't be able
to see him if he's down there.
Hey. come on.
You don't talk much. do you?
They cut your tongue?
What for?
Talk too much.
You've been hidin' out here?
This the Hellhole Swamp?
I heard about this place.
They say a lot of runaway live out here.
I can't stay here.
I gotta get north.
It's the only way I can free my son.
You know about the Underground Railroad?
You ain't out there to rob me.
I ain't liable to hurt you. neither.
Hello. sir.
I was headed to Greensboro.
I was wondering if you could point me
in the right direction.
What business you got in Greensboro?
My own.
Now. can you help me or not?
You the one them white folks
is looking for.
No. sir.
You must've got me confused
with somebody else.
No. I don't neither.
No. you's him.
Yeah. but don't you worry.
Your secret's safe with me.
Everybody talking 'bout you.
Yeah.
But if you come with me.
I can help you find a place
to hide out and lay your head down
for a night or two.
Also get some food in your belly
'fore you head on to Greensboro.
That's a long way.
What about your master?
Oh. he. he away with family out west.
You'll be gone before
anybody know a thing.
Why is you offering to help me?
I like what you doing.
I'd do it myself if I was younger.
It'd just be nice
if you could live through it.
Name's Shields.
I know who you is.
Emperor.
Everybody know who you is.
Truesdale. they call me.
Come on. Jay.
Who's that?
- Who does it look like?
- I don't know.
I don't want to know.
That's the fella everybody been
talking about.
The one that killed them white folks?
Yeah.
What'd you bring him here for?
So he can rest for a minute
'fore he go on his way.
This ain't a hotel.
Anyone find out about this.
we gonna be in a whole heap of trouble.
Nobody saw us. Everybody gone.
You gotta go. You can't stay here.
Now. Delores.
now. if you don't let him be.
I might have to tell Master Reed
about you sneakin' them sweets
out the kitchen every evenin'.
That candy ain't nothin' compared to this.
Yeah. but it's enough
to get you some lashes
and you know you ain't got the stomach
for no whuppin'.
Ain't no good gonna come out of this.
Oh. hush.
Go in there and fix our guest a bath.
Ain't you got no manners?
Go on with you.
So...
True what they say?
What'd they say?
Say you killed a bunch of white folk.
What's it matter?
It's a sin.
God gonna punish you.
Way I see it.
God done punish me
for things I ain't even done.
Why you do it?
They beat my son.
You killed a white man over that?
That happen every day.
I took lashes my whole life.
Kept my head down.
Didn't cause no trouble.
Thought that'd keep my family safe.
But when I seen what they did to Tommy...
when I seen the life ahead of him...
I don't want him to be like me.
- You's a brave man.
- No.
I'm a fool.
I didn't think.
I just went crazy.
Because of me. because of what I did.
my wife...
My wife's dead.
Sorry.
I shouldn't have judged you.
It's all right.
Anything else you need?
No. ma'am.
Hey. there. You leaving?
Thought I'd get an early start.
Get on the road.
Yeah. you oughta stick around.
Delores can cook you some eggs.
Got a long road ahead of me.
Best I get going before it get too late.
Listen. I just want to thank you
for your hospitality.
Don't thank me yet.
You worth too much money
to just let you walk away.
Now. you and me gonna sit right here
and wait for your master.
Get on over here.
Get on over here and open up this cage.
I hate to do this to you.
That reward money for you
is gonna buy me my freedom.
Go on. get up in there with them pigs.
Come on. Open it up.
You gots to get outta here.
That gunshot's gonna send the overseers.
They gonna be here any minute.
- Tell 'em I killed Truesdale.
- What? No.
Hey. listen to me. now. Come on.
One more body make no difference.
They think you did this.
they gonna hang you for sure.
Take Truesdale's horse. Go on. now. go.
Thank you.
Randolph's murderous nigger
is just a symptom of a larger problem.
You're damn right.
This is liable to lead to a rebellion.
That's just what we need
with all this abolition talk up north.
Do you think folks in Boston
care any more about slaves than we do?
They just need labor for their factories.
Why don't you kill his boy?
That'd set a good example.
I've already lost one slave.
I'm not destroying
any more of my property.
You all may be in the business
of casting blame.
but I am in the business
of finding solutions.
Sir. step in. please.
Gentlemen. Adel. Mr. Luke McCabe.
the best bounty hunter
in the state of Texas.
Heard you got a problem
with a runaway slave.
This nigger is rampaging the countryside.
stealing from. raping and killing
good God-fearing white folks
like it ain't nothing!
Tom. show him the poster. please.
One thousand dollars.
One thousand dollars?
That's more than twice what he's worth.
Well. the way I figure.
it's not about one slave.
The longer he keeps it up.
more likely you got yourselves
a rebellion across five states.
Not that it makes
a difference to me. of course.
Luke. give us one moment. please.
I'll give you $100.
Not a dime more.
It's the principle. I'm in.
I want to catch him. so I'm in.
We have no choice. I'm in.
All right. Luke.
But if we're gonna be
spending that much money.
I'm afraid I'll have to insist
one of my men goes with you.
The hell?
Shields. You knew him?
Yeah. yeah. I knew him.
Go on. now.
He's a nigger. They's all the same.
That man escaped your plantation
and single-handedly killed
three of your men.
Now. that sounds
pretty extraordinary to me.
So. how about you tell me
something useful?
He was smart. I guess.
Smarter than most white folk even.
He just about run things around here
till Hank come along.
And they called him Emperor.
He had an attitude to back it up.
What you know about the Railroad?
- The Underground Railroad?
- Uh-huh.
Just a way for a bunch
of nigger-lovers to...
Pardon me. abolitionists
to get runaways up north.
It ain't no use.
White men don't know anything
about the stations.
I wasn't planning on asking no white man.
This man here made it
all the way to Pennsylvania
before these old boys nabbed his ass.
Please don't kill me. sir. Please.
Don't kill me. please. Please.
If anybody knows. it's him.
What's your name?
Henry. Henry. sir.
Well. Henry.
I just negotiated your life
with the sheriff here.
- Oh. thank you.
- All you gotta do
to get this here noose off your neck
is point out all the houses
along that Underground Railroad of yours.
Can you do that for me?
I don't... I don't know nothing
about no railroad. sir.
Suit yourself.
Gentlemen.
Please don't kill me. sir. Please.
Please don't...
Wait!
Show me that map again. sir.
Get him!
Hellfire! Get out the street!
Come on. move. move!
- What the hell you doin'?
Shit!
I just robbed the bank.
This is my wagon. You gotta go.
I can shoot.
Other gun is in the bag.
Careful with the gunpowder.
Git! Go!
- Hey. What's happening?
- Some nigger just robbed a bank.
How do you know it's him?
What in the world?
Holy mackerel! We lost 'em.
Looks like you and me
got something in common.
I'm Rufus Kelly.
Maybe you heard of me?
- Can't say I have.
- I'm a famous bank robber.
Yeah? How many banks you done robbed?
Three.
Well. no. two. including this one.
You always bring a loaded wagon
to a robbery?
I ain't never been chased before.
- I guess I learned my lesson.
- Mmm-hmm.
We make a good team.
You ever considered going
into the outlaw business?
Boy. I got the whole South chasing me.
I'm already an outlaw.
No shit. You might as well
make some money at it.
They found us.
Shit. Here. drive. Go on!
Argh!
You're hit.
Yeah!
We're falling apart.
We got to ditch the wagon.
Get on the horse.
Goddamn it. this is my house.
Shit!
Did we get 'em?
Fuckin' gut shot.
Can't be no outlaw
without gettin' shot at least once.
You think I'm gonna
get credit for this one?
I's thinkin' front page news. for sure.
I can't wait to see my face
on a wanted poster.
Boy. you's gonna be a legend.
Sure wish I had
a shot of whiskey for this.
Me. too.
- All right.
- Wait. Wait.
You could've left me
and took the cash. but you didn't.
Why not?
You need me to get some heat on that wound
'fore it get infected.
You hear?
If I make it.
we split the loot 50-50.
If not...
- Spend it on something nice.
- Hey. now.
You gonna make it out.
- Okay.
- All right?
- Yeah.
- Look at me.
Come on.
On three. One...
Rufus?
What you doin' with that?
Hush. I'll put it back
soon as Tommy read it for us.
What it say?
- It say he rob a bank.
- A bank?
Good God from Zion.
He ain't in enough trouble.
now he's gonna rob banks?
They couldn't catch him. He got away.
Read on. read on.
It said a bounty on his head.
Thousand dollars.
- A thousand dollars?
- Oh. good Lord.
Shields?
You Levi Coffin?
You got half the state looking for you.
Wasn't my intention.
Just running for my life.
Come on in.
It's not safe for you to stay here.
I ain't fixin' to stay.
I just need you to point me
to the next station.
What do you expect's gonna happen
once you get up north?
You're not just a runaway slave anymore.
You're a symbol.
And they're not gonna stop
until they make you pay.
And your escape. and your escapades.
and your exploits
are putting your own people
as well as all the others
that are helping at risk.
You've gotta go to Harpers Ferry.
What's there?
An abolitionist who's caused
a lot of mayhem in Lawrence. Kansas.
His name's John Brown.
But now the rumor has it
he's headed here with a militia.
and they're gonna fight.
Fight?
Fight for what?
To end slavery.
I ain't fixin' for no fight.
I's just tryin' to free my son.
You hiding a runaway in here?
We have reason to believe
a runaway slave's residing
on your premises.
You mind if we come on in
and have ourselves a look?
'Course I mind.
You have no right to just come in here...
Save it. old-timer.
He ain't just a runaway slave.
He's a murderer.
a horse thief.
and a bank robber.
You know we're gonna find him.
When I tell you.
you fire on that here wall.
Don't hit me.
Dang it.
Goddamn it!
Get the horses.
I think he crossed the damn river.
Gonna make the job a lot harder.
He's in Maryland now.
So he's free?
For now.
Damn!
You looking for this?
Round these parts. colored folks
ain't allowed to possess firearms.
Well. I guess I'm in trouble. then.
Well. now. that'd be mighty hypocritical
of us considering...
Wait.
I know who you is. You're John Brown.
I reckon that means
you must be Shields Green.
These are two of my sons.
Oliver and Watson.
If you've done half
of what they say you've done.
we're gonna get along.
And this here is Dangerfield Newby.
He's just joined our cause.
- Glad to see you made it this far.
- Yes. sir.
You should come with us.
I got a friend I'd like you to meet.
That who I think it is?
That's right. son.
That's Frederick Douglass.
We'll march on Harpers Ferry
and take the federal armory.
- John...
- The time is now. Frederick.
This is not what we discussed.
You said you wanted to march
Virginia slaves to the Appalachia.
Foolhardy. yes.
but within the realm of possibility.
But this...
This is a steel trap
from which you will not escape.
When we strike.
and the slaves in the surrounding
plantations hear of our victory.
they will know we have the means to fight.
Frederick. I need you to help us.
You're a brave man. John.
You're risking your life.
And the lives of your sons.
But your optimism is a luxury afforded
to you by the color of your skin.
If you go through with this.
you will only serve to make them hate us.
They already hate us.
Who is this?
This is Shields Green.
Ah.
Emperor.
- What are you doing here?
- He came to join our cause.
Do you realize you're going
to get yourself killed?
Our deaths will be the spark
that lights the fuse of rebellion.
It's easy for you to say that.
The white men among your ranks
can easily disappear
back into their old lives.
But the Negro men
will be forced to suffer
the full consequences of your actions.
What you see as nobility in their deaths.
they see only as futility.
What do they have to lose. Frederick?
If you follow through with this.
you'll be risking all these lives.
Think of your legacy.
I think of nothing else.
I need to ask you a favor.
No matter what happens to me.
I need you to take this here money.
and buy my son's freedom.
How does it feel?
What?
Freedom.
I still remember my first day.
I don't know.
Cost me everything.
I can get you papers.
A whole new identity.
And send you up to Canada.
You'll be safe there.
Safe?
What is more important. Frederick?
Freedom for one man.
or freedom for all men?
This man will never be a slave.
Yet. he's willing to risk his life
and the life of his sons
so we can be free.
No. sir.
I cannot sit idle
while this man fights for me.
We can't all fight this war
with the pen. Mr. Douglass.
Some of us best equipped
to fight this war with a gun.
I think I'll go with the old man.
It's an honor.
I do this for my son.
Forward!
Your son would be proud
of what you did today.
Is it true what they say?
That you're descended from royalty?
Well.
that's what my mama used to say.
Don't make no difference
if it's true or not.
Slave. master. king...
They all the same to me.
Hmm.
Better get some rest.
Good night. sir.
Dangerfield.
Hey. Dangerfield. What you reading. boy?
These the letters from my sweet thing.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Soon as we settle up here.
I'm gonna go back.
and I'm gonna free her and all my kids.
What about you?
What you fixin' to do?
It ain't my fault. you know?
All's I'm sayin' is.
gettin' in shoot-outs ain't my vocation.
Just 'cause I hesitated a little bit.
that don't make me yellow.
Gonna teach that old boy a lesson.
Militia.
Bored farm boys
itchin' for somethin' to do.
Where's all the excitement?
Crazy abolitionists
took over Harpers Ferry.
Marines is on their way.
We're goin' to help 'em.
- Abolitionists. you say.
- That's right.
- Dad. Dad.
- What? What?
They're here.
Oh!
Come on.
- Open the gates!
They're here!
I knew it.
Open the gates!
How many?
Close the gates.
- Sir?
- I said close the gates!
Close the gates! Close the gates!
I demand to speak to the man in charge.
I am Osawatomie John Brown.
I am in charge.
Mr. Brown. I'm Lieutenant Colonel
Robert E. Lee of the United States Army.
I'm here on orders
by President James Buchanan
to demand that you and your outlaws
surrender this fort.
I'm willing to offer leniency
in exchange for a peaceful surrender.
I hate to disappoint you. Colonel.
but you're not likely to get
a peaceful anything from us.
Not while that abomination called slavery
is still the law of this land.
Not when Negro blood flows in our rivers
and irrigates our crops.
Not till every last man. woman and child
is freed from their chains
will we ever surrender.
You are evidently
a man of passion. Mr. Brown.
I can respect that.
But I'm not here to make moral judgments.
I'm here to enforce the law.
And I am here to enforce a higher law.
extolled. you might recall.
in the Declaration of Independence
that all men are created equal.
Need I remind you. Mr. Brown.
that the man that penned those words
was a slave owner.
Are you accusing Thomas Jefferson.
one of our founding fathers.
of being a hypocrite?
The way I read it.
he didn't think colored people were men.
Who is it decides
who is a man or not. Colonel?
Almighty God
or Thomas Jefferson?
I'll go with God.
So I'm to take it you'll not go down
without a fight.
Take it as you will. sir.
So be it.
- Send 'em in.
- Yes. sir.
Company. forward march!
Ready! Aim! Fire!
- To the left.
- All right.
Ready! Aim! Fire!
Move! Come on!
Fire.
Reload!
- All right. fire.
- Get the end.
Let's get 'em!
Fire! Keep moving!
Argh!
Wat?
Watson's been shot.
What?
First squad on the bridge now!
Breach the gate!
Put your shoulders in it!
To the gate!
They didn't come.
No.
What do we do. John?
- That's it.
- To the catacombs!
Come on. boys!
Oh. hell. Luke. We should go.
We too late.
Right now.
he's thinking of slipping
out of the backdoor in the hoopla.
Let's go.
Round 'em up.
I'm afraid it's a little late
in the day if you're here for food.
You're hurt. my son.
Whoa!
Don't speak. Don't speak.
Here's some food and warmth for you.
Here's some water.
Must get some rest.
Father.
Thank you.
Reverend.
We's looking for a runaway slave.
His trail led us to your church.
Well. this is a place of worship.
This is no... No shelter for...
For runaway slaves.
Lying's a sin. Reverend.
You keep lying.
you might face judgment day
before you get a chance to repent.
Militia's coming down the road to meet us.
Gonna get real bloody.
You know. if you work with us...
You could earn yourself some money.
What say you. Reverend?
Well. I think that
the church could always use a donation.
Well. God bless.
Huh.
Look at all these damn nimrods.
Looking for their piece
of the notorious Emperor.
I'll handle this.
Damn it! My ear! You idiot!
I... I got nervous.
with his reputation and all.
You're in charge of these yokels.
- You.
- Yeah.
- Bring your three best men. Let's go.
- Right away.
Douglas. Paul.
Sir. I'm here to see
the owner of this plantation.
Randolph Stevens at your service. sir.
I am here to buy the boy.
Well. tell me. Levi.
why should I sell you the son of a man
who cost me so much?
Because I'm gonna pay you four times
what that little boy is worth.
Tommy!
I have a man here who wants to meet you.
You're Tommy.
Levi Coffin.
Did you know my father?
He's the one who sent me.
Why?
He wanted you to have
what meant the most to him.
Daddy?
You're safe now.
We gonna be free.
Let's go.
Could you please read this
and tell me if you can publish it?
I've heard you're good
with Civil War books.
Is this a Civil War story?
Well. sort of. It's my father's story.
Did he fight in the Civil War?
He helped to start it.
Is that so?
Is this a true story?
Yes. it's true to me.
There's something better
I know there is
Than this pain I'm in
Somehow I'll get through it
There's something strong
that's inside me now
I'm not going down
Somehow I will do this
I'll get through the night
To the day that's waiting
On the other side
It's waiting for me
There's a better life
There's the brightest day
After the darkest night
I'll get there
It's been a hell
I've been living in
I'm not giving in
Somehow I'll survive this
I'll get myself
where I need to be
Feel how freedom feels
Somehow I will find this
I'll get through this fight
Peace of mind will find me
On the other side
It's waiting for me
There's a better life
There's the brightest day
After the darkest night
I'll get there
Oh. I'll get there
I'll get past this pain
I'm feeling now
I won't let it keep me down
I'll rise above it
And get through the night
To the day that's waiting
On the other side
It's waiting for me
There's a better life
There's the brightest day
After the darkest night
I'll get there
Oh. I'll get there
Yeah. I'll get there
I'll get there
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-